# +fPIE +pie -fno-PIE -no-pie

*-libs/* +fPIE +pie
*-plugins/* +fPIE +pie

app-accessibility/at-spi2-atk +fPIE +pie
app-accessibility/at-spi2-core +fPIE +pie
app-admin/sudo !+fPIE !+pie
app-arch/arj +fPIE +pie
app-arch/lrzip +fPIE +pie
app-arch/p7zip +fPIE +pie
app-arch/snappy +fPIE +pie
app-arch/unrar +fPIE +pie
app-arch/xz-utils !+fPIE !+pie
app-arch/zpaq +fPIE +pie
app-arch/zstd +fPIE +pie
app-crypt/argon2 +fPIE +pie
app-crypt/gcr +fPIE +pie
app-crypt/gpgme +fPIE +pie
app-crypt/libsecret +fPIE +pie
app-crypt/p11-kit +fPIE +pie
app-crypt/pinentry +fPIE +pie
app-crypt/rhash +fPIE +pie
app-cdr/cdrtools +fPIE +pie
app-cdr/xcdroast +fPIE +pie
app-cdr/xfburn !+fPIE !+pie
app-emulation/dosemu +fPIE +pie
app-emulation/vice +fPIE +pie
app-emulation/wine* +fPIE +pie
app-forensics/chkrootkit +fPIE +pie
app-misc/lirc +fPIE +pie
app-misc/mc !+fPIE !+pie
app-office/libreoffice +fPIE +pie
app-portage/eix \~+fPIE \~+pie
app-shells/bash +fPIE +pie
app-shells/ksh +fPIE +pie
app-shells/schily-tools +fPIE +pie
app-text/aspell +fPIE +pie
app-text/crengine-ng +fPIE +pie
app-text/djview !+fPIE !+pie
app-text/djvu +fPIE +pie
app-text/doxygen +fPIE +pie
app-text/dvipsk !+fPIE !+pie
app-text/enchant !+fPIE !+pie
app-text/fbreader +fPIE +pie
app-text/ghostscript-gpl +fPIE +pie
app-text/hunspell +fPIE +pie
app-text/libabw +fPIE +pie
app-text/libebook +fPIE +pie
app-text/libepubgen +fPIE +pie # won't hurt although !+fPIE !+pie might be sufficient
app-text/libetonyek +fPIE +pie
app-text/libmspub +fPIE +pie
app-text/libmwaw +fPIE +pie
app-text/libnumbertext +fPIE +pie
app-text/libodfgen +fPIE +pie
app-text/libqxp +fPIE +pie # won't hurt although !+fPIE !+pie might be sufficient
app-text/libstaroffice +fPIE +pie
app-text/libwpd +fPIE +pie
app-text/libwpg +fPIE +pie
app-text/libwps +fPIE +pie
app-text/mupdf +fPIE +pie
app-text/mythes +fPIE +pie
app-text/poppler +fPIE +pie
app-text/ps2pkm !+fPIE !+pie
app-text/qpdf +fPIE +pie
app-text/qpdfview +fPIE +pie
app-text/rarian +fPIE +pie
app-text/recode !+fPIE !+pie
app-text/sablotron +fPIE +pie
app-text/stardict +fPIE +pie
app-text/teckit +fPIE +pie
app-text/texlive-core +fPIE +pie
app-text/ttf2pk2 !+fPIE !+pie
app-text/xdvik !+fPIE !+pie
app-text/zathura-* +fPIE +pie
dev-build/libtool !+fPIE !+pie
dev-cpp/* +fPIE +pie
dev-db/sqlite !+fPIE !+pie
dev-db/unixODBC !+fPIE !+pie
dev-debug/gdb +fPIE +pie
dev-debug/systemtap +fPIE +pie
dev-games/flatzebra +fPIE +pie
dev-games/physfs +fPIE +pie
dev-java/icedtea +fPIE +pie
dev-java/openjdk +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/lua +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/mujs +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/orc !+fPIE !+pie
dev-lang/python +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/perl +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/rust +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/spidermonkey +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/tcl +fPIE +pie
dev-lang/tk +fPIE +pie
dev-libs/gmp +fPIE +pie
dev-libs/libtasn1 +fPIE +pie
dev-perl/* +fPIE +pie
dev-python/* +fPIE +pie
dev-qt/qt* +fPIE +pie
dev-tcltk/expect +fPIE +pie
dev-tex/bibtexu !+fPIE !+pie
dev-texlive/texlive-metapost !+fPIE !+pie
dev-util/bdelta +fPIE +pie
dev-util/cppunit +fPIE +pie
dev-util/glslang +fPIE +pie
dev-util/spirv-llvm-translator +fPIE +pie
dev-util/spirv-tools +fPIE +pie
dev-util/pkgcheck +fPIE +pie
games-action/gltron +fPIE +pie
games-arcade/burgerspace !+fPIE !+pie
games-arcade/xtux +fPIE +pie
games-emulation/sdlmame +fPIE +pie
games-engines/box2d +fPIE +pie
games-rpg/aklabeth +fPIE +pie
gnome-base/dconf +fPIE +pie
gnome-base/gsettings-desktop-schemas +fPIE +pie
gnome-base/libglade !+fPIE !+pie
gui-wm/wayfire +fPIE +pie
kde-frameworks/* +fPIE +pie
mail-client/claws-mail +fPIE +pie
mail-client/thunderbird +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/exiv2 +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/fontforge +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/gimp !+fPIE !+pie
media-gfx/graphicsmagick +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/graphviz +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/imagemagick +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/ipe +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/pstoedit !+fPIE !+pie
media-gfx/pqiv +fPIE +pie
media-gfx/sane-backends !+fPIE !+pie
media-sound/gsm !+fPIE !+pie # gcc-7
media-sound/lame !+fPIE !+pie
media-sound/lilypond +fPIE +pie
media-sound/mpg123 !+fPIE !+pie
media-sound/ogmtools +fPIE +pie
media-sound/pulseaudio +fPIE +pie
media-sound/pulseaudio-daemon +fPIE +pie
media-sound/vorbis-tools !+fPIE !+pie
media-sound/wavpack !+fPIE !+pie
media-tv/linuxtv-dvb-apps !+fPIE !+pie # gcc-7
media-tv/nvtv +fPIE +pie
media-tv/v4l-utils +fPIE +pie
media-video/cclive !+fPIE !+pie
media-video/ffmpeg +fPIE +pie
media-video/handbrake +fPIE +pie
media-video/mjpegtools +fPIE +pie
media-video/mpv +fPIE +pie
media-video/pipewire +fPIE +pie
media-video/qmplay2 +fPIE +pie
media-video/rtmpdump +fPIE +pie
media-video/vcdimager !+fPIE !+pie
media-video/vlc +fPIE +pie
media-video/wireplumber +fPIE +pie
net-analyzer/wireshark !+fPIE !+pie
net-dialup/ppp +fPIE +pie
net-dns/libidn !+fPIE !+pie
net-dns/host +fPIE +pie
net-dns/unbound !+fPIE !+pie
net-firewall/iptables +fPIE +pie
net-fs/autofs +fPIE +pie
#net-im/utox +fPIE +pie
net-misc/connman !+fPIE !+pie
net-misc/curl !+fPIE !+pie
net-misc/networkmanager +fPIE +pie
net-misc/nx +fPIE +pie
net-nds/openldap !+fPIE !+pie
net-print/cups +fPIE +pie
net-print/cups-filters !+fPIE !+pie
net-print/libcupsfilters +fPIE +pie
net-print/libppd +fPIE +pie
net-vpn/openvpn +fPIE +pie
net-wireless/crda +fPIE +pie
perl-core/* +fPIE +pie
sci-mathematics/calc +fPIE +pie
sci-mathematics/ginac +fPIE +pie
sci-mathematics/octave +fPIE +pie
sci-mathematics/pari +fPIE +pie
sci-mathematics/reduce +fPIE +pie
sci-mathematics/scilab +fPIE +pie
sci-mathematics/yacas +fPIE +pie
sci-visualization/gnuplot +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/busybox +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/coreutils +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/dbus +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/elfix !+fPIE !+pie
sys-apps/file !+fPIE !+pie
sys-apps/kmod !+fPIE !+pie
sys-apps/openrc +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/pciutils +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/portage +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/systemd +fPIE +pie
sys-apps/usbutils !+fPIE !+pie
sys-apps/util-linux !+fPIE !+pie
sys-auth/elogind +fPIE +pie
sys-auth/seatd +fPIE +pie
sys-boot/syslinux +fPIE +pie
sys-devel/autogen !+fPIE !+pie
sys-devel/clang +fPIE +pie
sys-devel/flex !+fPIE !+pie
sys-devel/gcc +fPIE +pie
sys-devel/gettext !+fPIE !+pie
sys-devel/lld +fPIE +pie
sys-fs/android-file-transfer-linux +fPIE +pie
sys-fs/cryptsetup !+fPIE !+pie
sys-fs/e2fsprogs +fPIE +pie
sys-fs/encfs +fPIE +pie
sys-fs/ext4magic !+fPIE !+pie
sys-fs/fuse +fPIE +pie
sys-fs/fuse-common +fPIE +pie
sys-fs/lvm2 +fPIE +pie
sys-fs/udftools !+fPIE !+pie
sys-power/cpupower +fPIE +pie
sys-power/nut +fPIE +pie
sys-power/upower +fPIE +pie
sys-process/htop !+fPIE !+pie
sys-process/procps !+fPIE !+pie
sys-process/tiptop !+fPIE !+pie
www-client/chromium +fPIE +pie
www-client/firefox +fPIE +pie
x11-base/xorg-server +fPIE +pie
x11-drivers/* !+fPIE !+pie
x11-misc/slim +fPIE +pie
x11-misc/xfractint +fPIE +pie
x11-terms/kitty +fPIE +pie
x11-wm/fvwm +fPIE +pie
x11-wm/xpra +fPIE +pie
xfce-base/exo !+fPIE !+pie
xfce-base/thunar !+fPIE !+pie
